# 0x06. C - More pointers, arrays and strings<br/>
**0-strcat.c** - Write a function that concatenates two strings. Prototype: char *_strcat(char *dest, char *src); This function appends the src string to the dest string, overwriting the terminating null byte (\0) at the end of dest, and then adds a terminating null byte. Returns a pointer to the resulting string dest.<br/><br/>
**1-strncat.c** - Write a function that concatenates two strings. Prototype: char *_strncat(char *dest, char *src, int n); The _strncat function is similar to the _strcat function, except that it will use at most n bytes from src; and src does not need to be null-terminated if it contains n or more bytes
. Return a pointer to the resulting string dest.<br/><br/>
**2-strncpy.c** - Write a function that copies a string. Prototype: char *_strncpy(char *dest, char *src, int n); Your function should work exactly like strncpy.<br/><br/>
**3-strcmp.c** - Write a function that compares two strings. Prototype: int _strcmp(char *s1, char *s2); Your function should work exactly like strcmp.<br/><br/>
**4-rev_array.c** - Write a function that reverses the content of an array of integers. Prototype: void reverse_array(int *a, int n); Where n is the number of elements of the array.<br/><br/>
**5-string_toupper.c** - Write a function that changes all lowercase letters of a string to uppercase. Prototype: char *string_toupper(char *);<br/><br/>
**6-cap_string.c** - Write a function that capitalizes all words of a string. Prototype: char *cap_string(char *);<br/><br/>
**7-leet.c** - Write a function that encodes a string into 1337.<br/><br/>
**100-rot13.c** - Write a function that encodes a string using rot13. Prototype: char *rot13(char *); You can only use if statement once in your code. You can only use two loops in your code. You are not allowed to use switch. You are not allowed to use any ternary operation.<br/><br/>
**101-print_number.c** - Write a function that prints an integer. Prototype: void print_number(int n); You can only use _putchar function to print. You are not allowed to use long. You are not allowed to use arrays or pointers. You are not allowed to hard-code special values.<br/><br/>
**102-magic.c** - Add one line to this code, so that the program prints a[2] = 98, followed by a new line.<br/><br/>
**103-infinite_add.c** - Write a function that adds two numbers. Prototype: char *infinite_add(char *n1, char *n2, char *r, int size_r); Where n1 and n2 are the two numbers. r is the buffer that the function will use to store the result. size_r is the buffer size. The function returns a pointer to the result. You can assume that you will always get positive numbers, or 0. You can assume that there will be only digits in the strings n1 and n2. n1 and n2 will never be empty. If the result can not be stored in r the function must return 0.<br/><br/>
